doc/stdenv: document prefixKey more precisely (#302535)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/stdenv/stdenv.chapter.md

##### `dontAddPrefix` {#var-stdenv-dontAddPrefix}

> By default, the flag set by a combination of [`prefixKey`](#var-stdenv-prefixKey) and [`prefix`](#var-stdenv-prefix) is added to the configure flags. If this is undesirable, set this variable to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `./configure` is passed the concatenation of [`prefixKey`](#var-stdenv-prefixKey) and [`prefix`](#var-stdenv-prefix) on the command line. Disable this by setting `dontAddPrefix` to `true`.
```

Otherwise it's not clear what that "combination" is.

##### `prefix` {#var-stdenv-prefix}

The prefix under which the package must be installed, passed via the `--prefix` option to the configure script. It defaults to `$out`.

##### `prefixKey` {#var-stdenv-prefixKey}

> The key to use when specifying the prefix. By default, this is set to `--prefix=` as that is used by the majority of packages. Other packages may need `--prefix ` (with a trailing space) or `PREFIX=`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key to use when specifying the installation [`prefix`](#var-stdenv-prefix). By default, this is set to `--prefix=` as that is used by the majority of packages. Other packages may need `--prefix ` (with a trailing space) or `PREFIX=`.
```
